java c
CMP-4008Y Programming 1 
Reassessment Coursework Assignment 2 
Learning outcomes The aim of this assignment is to facilitate the development of Java and object orientated pro- gramming skills   by designing and   implementing a   program to   simulate   the   operation   of   a   ﬁc-      tional   arcade   company.    In   addition to   using the fundamental   concepts   that were   developed      throughouttheﬁrstassignment(suchas classes, objects, instancevariablesandinstancemeth- ods), this   assignment will   also   develop   skills   in UML class diagrams, ﬁle I/O, inheritance, ex-ceptions and basic enumerative types in Java.   Further general learning outcomes include: de-      scribing   abstract   systems   using technical   diagrams;   following   speciﬁcations when   developing      software;   documenting   code to   enhance   readability   and   reuse;   increased   experience   of   pro-      gramming in Java; increased awareness of the importance   of   algorithm complexity;   and   using      inheritance to model relationships between classes.
Speciﬁcation ArcadeCorp, a new division of GreedyEnterprises Inc. has approached   you   to create a prototype   system for simulating the use of their newly proposed   contactless arcades.   Driven   by   changes   in   many   industries due to the   recent   pandemic, ArcadeCorp wants to open   a   cashless   arcade   on   a ﬂoating   island   in   the   middle   of   the   UEA   Broad   (pending   planning   permission).Your   task   is   to   model ArcadeCorp’s   new   system   using   an   object   orientated   approach   in   the   Java programming   language.   You will   need to   model   key objects   in the system   by   creating   classes   to   represent   objects   such   as   cabinet   games   (e.g.    pinball, joystick   games,   etc.),   active   games   (e.g.    pool,   air   hockey,   etc.),   virtual   reality   games   (e.g.    using   VR   headsets,   full-body   tracking suits,   etc.),   customers,   and   arcades,   in   addition to   a   number   of   other   classes to   support the   functionality   of the   system.   A full   description   of the   required   implementation   is given   in   the   Description   section, but   in   summary, you   will:
1.    create   a   UML   class   diagram   to   give   an   overview   of   the   system;
2.    implement the   required classes and functionality in Java   using   an   object   orientated   ap-   proach, including suﬃcient documentation and evidence of testing;
3.    simulate   the use of   the   system   through loading and processing a number of provided   text   ﬁles
Figure 1: An artist’s impression of ArcadeCorp’s proposed ﬂoating arcade in the   UEA   Broad.
Overview To   create   a   system   that   models   customer   interactions   and   transactions   for   arcades   you   will   ﬁrstly need to be able to store information about arcade games. This will start with an abstract   base class that stores basic information about generic arcade games, such as an ID number for   the game, the game’s name, and   the basic price   to play   the game (in pence). Subsequently,   you   will   need to specialise this   class to   represent cabinet games, active games and virtual reality games.All customers in   the   system   will   have   a   unique   customer   ID,   a   name,   a   balance   and   an   age.   Functionality   will also be required   to both   top-up and charge accounts   when appropriate   trans-   actions are carried out.   Anyone from the public can sign   up for   a   standard   customer   account,   but   since ArcadeCorp will   be   operating   on   UEA   campus, they   have   agreed   to   special   treatment of both CMP staﬀ members and any   UEA student.   As   a   thankyou   for   forcing their   students to   prototype   this   system, ArcadeCorp will   give   all   CMP   staﬀ   a ﬂat   10%   discount   when   using   any arcade   game. Students, regardless   of   school   of   study, will   get   a   ﬂat   discount   of   5% oﬀ all   arcade games,   but   will   also   be   able   to   have   a   negative   balance   of   up   to   ε5,   similar   to   an   overdraft.   Further, the arcade will operate peak andoﬀ-peak hours where speciﬁc discounts are applica-   ble   for   diﬀerent   types   of   game   (oﬀ-peak   discounts   are   applied   BEFORE   customer   discounts   and   speciﬁc   details   of   the   individual   oﬀ-peak   discounts   for   diﬀerent   game   types   are   given   in   the   Description section).Once   arcade   games   and   customers   can   be   modelled,   each arcade should   maintain   its   own   collection of games and and its   own   collection   of   customers.    It will   need functionality to   pro-   cess transactions when   passed a customer   ID and a game   ID, charging a   customer   the   correct   amount   to play a game if if   the customer has asuﬃcient balance (or rejecting   the sale if   they do   not). An age limit may also apply for certain types   of   arcade   game   and this   should   be   checked   too. An   arcade   will   also   need   to   keep   track   of   the   total   value   of   all   sales   (this   is   the   most   impor-   tantthingtoGreedyEnterprisesInc.,   ofcourse)anditwillalsorequiresomespecialised methods   that are of interest to corporate, such as reporting the median price of   all games within   an   ar-   cade.Finally,   this   will   all   be   tied   together   by   populating   an   arcade   with   customers   and   games   by   reading   in   a   number   of   text ﬁles   that   have   been   provided.   You   will   also   be   given   a   list   of   trans-   actions in another ﬁleto simulate the use of an arcade.Please   note   that   you   are   expected   to   provide   toString   methods   for   all   object   classes, ap- propriate comments to aid someone   reading your code,   and evidence   of   testing   in   all   classes   (i.e. simple test harnesses in all of your non-abstract object classes).
(hint:      please   read   the   full   assignment   rather   than   diving   in   straight   away   -   it   will   make your   life a lot easier if you implement it in a   logical   order   and   plan   ahead).
Description 
1. UML Class Diagram (15%) Your   ﬁrst   task   is   to   fully   read   this   assignment   speciﬁcation   and   then   create   a   UML   class   diagram for the proposed system.   You should include all classes,   and   relationships   between them,   but   you are   not   required to   include accessor and   mutator   methods   in this   diagram,   and   you   also   should   not include your   main   method class   (Simulation).    Marks will   be awarded for the ac-   curacy and correctness of your diagram, and presentation will   also   betaken   into   account   (i.e.   make sure that it is clear and easily   readable,   and   make   sure   it follows   conventionstaught   on   this module for UML class diagrams and not conventions taken from anywhere else).I   recommend that you   use diagrams.net as   shown   in the   live   lecture that   accompanied   UML   class   diagrams, but   you   are   free   to   use   any   other   simple   tools   (such   as   MS   PowerPoint   or   Word)   to draw your   diagram   if   you   wish.To   avoid   issues   when   including   your   diagram   in   PASS, please   make   sure   to   save   your   UML   class diagram   as   a   .pdf   and   do   not   include   spaces   in   your   ﬁle   name   (you   can   use export→ pdf in   diagrams.net/PowerPoint/Word   to   do   this,   or   ask   for   help   from   the   lab   assistants   if you   are   struggling to format your work correctly - they cannot answer the coursework for you but they   are free to help you with technical issues).(hint:   before starting, read the full coursework speciﬁcation ﬁrst and then come back to create   your class diagram before writing code.   It will help you understand all of the functionality and   relationships   between   the   classes,   and   give you   something   to   refer   to while working   on   the   code   - that   is   the   whole   point   of   class   diagrams, after   all).
2. Object Classes This section describes the classes that you must implement.   Please note that all non-abstract   object classes should have a main method to demonstrate simple usage/testing and anappro- priate implementation of toString. You do not need to include a full   javadoc, but you should   include a short comment at the start of   each   class to   explain   its   purpose   and   use appropriate comments throughout to explain any   complex   operations   or   calculations.    If   it   is   not   immedi-   ately obvious what a   piece of code   is doing   then   this   is   a   good   candidate   for   a   comment   that   would aida reader.
2.1 ArcadeGame (10%) Arcade games are initially split into two   types   of   game:   cabinet   games   (e.g.   pinball,   pac-man,   lightgun   games, etc.) and   active   games   (e.g. things   that   require   active   movement, such   as   pool,   darts, air   hockey, etc.). There   is   also   a   third   type   of   game, virtual   reality   games, that   further   ex-   tend   the   active   games   class   (more   on   that   in   Section   2.3). To   start   with   however, you   will   need to   begin   by   creating   an   abstract   base   class   for   ArcadeGame   that   will   form   the   basis   for   the   cab- inet game and active game subclasses.
All arcade games have a name, serial number and   price to   play games.
•    Game   IDs   should   uniquely   identify   a   speciﬁc   game.    IDs   are   10 characters   long   and   may contain a mixture of numbers and   letters.
•    Price   per   play   is   stored   as   a   whole   number   in   pence   (e.g.   if   a   game   costs   £2 to   play,   this would   be   stored   as   200).You   are   required   to   write   an   abstract   class   called   ArcadeGame.   This   class   should   include ﬁelds for the   ID,   name and   price   per game of   an   arcade game.   Your   class   should   have   a   single   con-   structor   that   takes   values   for each of   those   three   ﬁelds and it should check   that   the provided ID   is valid.   If it is not, it should throw   an InvalidGameIDException (you will need to implement   your   own   Exception   for   this).Further,   your   ArcadeGame   class   should   have   accessor   methods   for   all   ﬁelds   and   an   abstract   method called   calculatePrice(boolean   peak) that   returns an int and takes   a   boolean   as   input   (true   for   peak,   false   for   oﬀ-peak). The   purpose   of   this   method   is   that   subclasses   can   over-   ride it to return the correct price depending on whether it   is   used during   peak/oﬀ-peak   hours   (more   on   that   in   Section   2.2).
2.2 CabinetGame and ActiveGame (10%) 
You   are   required   to   extend   ArcadeGame   into   two   sub-classes:
•    CabinetGame should have an extra ﬁeld to   determine whether or not the game can pay   out a   reward   (for example, this would   be true if   a game   can   pay   out   tickets   to   a   winner   that   they   can   trade   for   a   prize).    The   class   should   have   a   single   constructor   that   takes   values for all ﬁelds and the constructor should throw an InvalidGameIDException if the ID does not contain exactly 10 alphanumeric characters or if the ID does not start with the character ‘C’ .  
Figure   2:   Real   world   examples   of   cabinet   games. (image   source) 
•    ActiveGame should include an additional ﬁeld to determine the   minimum   age   require-   ment for   playing the game.   The age   limit should   be   stored   as   a whole   number   in   years   (e.g.   beer pong would have an age limit of 18 in the UK). Similarly   to CabinetGame, there   should be asingle constructor that accepts an argument for each ﬁeld and the construc- tor should throw an InvalidGameIDException if the ID does not contain exactly 10 alphanumeric characters or if the ID does not start with the character ‘A’.  
Figure   3:   Real   world   examples   of   active   games   (e.g   Foosball, air   hockey,   pool). (image   source) Both   CabinetGame   and   ActiveGame   classes   should   have   accessor   methods   for   the   new ﬁelds   and each should   have an appropriate   implementation   of   calculatePrice(boolean    peak)   that incorporates the following rules:
•    During peak hours no   game   is   discounted;
•      Cabinetgamesthatdonotgiveoutrewardsarediscountedby50%duringoﬀ-peak hours;
•    Cabinet   games   that do give   out   rewards   are   discounted   by   20% during oﬀ-peak hours;
•    All   active   games   are   discounted   by   20% during   oﬀ-peak   hours,   regardless   of   age   limit.The calculatePrice(boolean   peak) in each subclass should follow the rules above and ei-   ther return the full price to play a game during   peak   hours   (i.e.   peak==true)   or the   appropri-   ately discounted   price otherwise.   These classes should also   have   a   suitable   toString imple-   mentation, helpful comments, accessors for all ﬁelds and evidence of testing.   Please note that   if you   need to   round   prices   after   applying   a   discount then you   should round down (e.g.    if   a   discounted   price   was   208.8, it   should   be   rounded   down   to   208 and   not   up   to   209).
2.3 VirtualRealityGame (5%) A   third   type   of   game   should   be   represented with   a   class   called   VirtualRealityGame.    This   class is a special type of active game,   and   therefore   should   be   a   subclass   of   ActiveGame,   and   stores an additional ﬁeld to state whether the   virtual   reality   game   requires   either:   a   headset   only, headset   and   controller, or   a   full-body   tracking   suit.   .A single constructor should be provided to accept   arguments for all ﬁelds and the constructor should throw an InvalidGameIDException if the ID does not contain exactly 10 alphanu- meric characters or if the ID does not start with the characters ‘AV’ (it   must   start   with   an   ‘A’   because   it   is   a   subclass   of   ActiveGame,   but   also followed   by ‘V’ to   demonstrated that   it   is   a      VirtualRealityGame too).
Finally, calculatePrice(boolean   peak) should again be overloaded so that there is nodis-   count   during   peak   times   for   any   virtual   reality   game,   but   there   is   a   10%   oﬀ-peak   discount   for those that   use a   headset only, and a 5%   discount   for   those   that   require   a   headset   and   a   con-   troller   (no   oﬀ-peak   discount   for   full-body   tracking   virtual   reality   games).   Similarly   to   the   sub-   classes   of   ArcadeGame, this   class   should   also   have   helpful   comments,   accessors   for   all   ﬁelds,   evidence of testing and a suitable implementation of toString.  
Figure   4: A   real   world   example   of   people   playing   a   virtual   reality   game. (image   source) 
2.4. Customer (20%) The   Customer class   should   store   information   about   a   customer’s   account.    This   includes   ba-   sic   information   such   as their   account   ID   (a   6   digit   alphanumeric   identiﬁer),   their   name,   their   age   (a whole   number in years), their   level of   personal discount   (none,   CMP   staﬀ,   or   student),   and   their   account   balance   (as   an   integer   in   pence,   e.g.   1001   for   ε10.01).   You   should   have   two constructors, one for ID, name, age and discount type only that sets a   default   balance   of zero,   and another constructor that takes arguments for   all   ﬁelds   including   a   speciﬁed   balance   (but   the   initial   balance   must   be   at   least zero).    The   account   balance   is the   amount   of   money that   is   in   a customers   account   and   it will   be   reduced   appropriately each time   a   customer   uses   an   arcade game (see the chargeAccount method below). A customer’s balance should   never   be   allowed to   become   negative - with the only exception that those   with   a   student   discount   are   also allowed to have a balance that goes as   low as   -500   (similar to   an   overdraft),   and   it would   not   be sensible to allow a negative starting   balance for   an   account.   Therefore, your   construc-   tors should throw an InvalidCustomerException if the account ID is incorrect or a negative   balance   is   provided   (you   will   need   to   provide   this   Exception   class).
Your   class   should   include   accessors   for   all   ﬁelds   and   two   methods   for   manipulating   the   bal-   ance of an account - one to add to the balance and one to simulate accounts being charged.
•    First, the addFunds(int    amount) method should allow   a customer to   top-up   their   ac-count balance (only add a   positive amount to a balance and do not alter the balance   if a   negative amount is provided).
•    Second, there should bean instance method called chargeAccount that is used to sim-ulate a customer using an arcade game. This method should take two arguments, where   one is an arcade game object and the   other is a   boolean to determine whether the   ac-   count   is   being   charged   during   peak time.    If   a   customer   has   a   suﬃcient   balance   and   is   old enough to use an arcade game then the method should operate successfully and re-   turn   an   int equal to the   amount that the   customer   was   charged   (after   any   applicable   discounts   -   remember,   there   are   oﬀ-peak   discounts for   some   games   and   CMP   Staﬀ   re-   ceiveanadditional10%discountwhilestudents receiveanadditional代 写CMP-4008Y Programming 1 Assignment 2 2024Java
代做程序编程语言5%discount. Again,   round down to the nearest integer if necessary when calculating prices).   If the customer does not have suﬃcient funds to use the arcade game then their   balance should   be   left   unaltered and an InsufficientBalanceException should be thrown. Similarly, if the   customer   is   not   old   enough to   use the   arcade game, their   balance   should   be   left   unal-   teredana AgeLimitException   should be   thrown (you   will need   to create both of   these   sub-classes of Exception). 
Finally,   ensure that your   class   also   includes   a   suitable   toString,   helpful   comments   and   evi-   dence of testing.(Note:      in   practice,   a   customer’s   age   would   not   be   stored   as   an   int   and   would   likely   be   rep-   resented   by their date of   birth.   To keep it simple   in   this   assignment   though we   are   ﬁxing   it   to   be an   int and you can   assume   a   customer’s   age will   not   change   during   the   execution   of   your   program).
2.5. Arcade (25%) You will also   need to create   a class   to   model   an   Arcade.   This   class   should   have   ﬁelds   for   the   arcade’s name, a   ﬁeld   for   the revenue of   the arcade,a collection of   the arcade games that it of-   fers, and and a collection of   the customers   that are registered   with   the arcade. The class   should   haveasingleconstructorthattakesasingleargumentforthearcade’s name, andthereshould   be methodsto add individual customersand arcadegames (e.g. addCustomer(Customer    c)).   Further, it should have accessor methods   for the arcade’s name and the revenue of the   arcade,   in addition to a suitable toString and evidence of testing.
You should also provide   methods   for:
•    getCustomer(String    customerID)      throws    InvalidCustomerException
•    getArcadeGame(String      gameId)      throws    InvalidGameIDExceptionFinally,   youshouldalsohaveprocessTransaction(String    customerID,      String      gameID,   boolean   peak) method which will   be   used to   process a   transaction   when   given   a   customer   ID, product ID, and boolean   to represent whether the transaction was carried out during peak   time. This method should tie together what you have already implemented - it should retrieve   the   correct   game,   the   correct   customer,   and   then   try   to   reduce   that   customer’s   balance   by   the appropriate amount.   If successful, this amount should   be added   to   the   arcade’s   revenue   amount and   you should return true   to indicate that the transaction was a success. Otherwise,   the method should   throw an appropriate exception   for   why the transaction not be successfully   processed.
Additionally, ArcadeCorp has asked that you provide the following methods:
•    findRichestCustomer() which   should   search the   customers that   are   registered   at   a   speciﬁc arcade to return customer with the highest balance;
•    getMedianGamePrice() which   will   consider   the   price   per   game   for   all   arcade   games   within this arcade and return the median (if there is an even number of games then this   method should average the price of the two middle games);
•    countArcadeGames() which should return an   int[] of size 3, where the ﬁrst   element   is the number of cabinet games in this arcade, the second is the number of active games   in this arcade (not including virtual reality games), and the third is the number of virtual   reality games in this arcade;
•      printCorporateJargon() which   should   be   a   static   method   in the   Arcade class that   printsa messageanddoesnotreturnanything. Itshouldsimplyprintthecorporate motto   of   “GreedyEnterprises   Inc.   and ArcadeCorp do   not take   responsibility for any accidents   or ﬁts of rage that occur on the premises”.It   is   up   to   you   to   decide   how   you   wish   to   store   collections   of   products   and   customers.    The   simplest   solution   is to   use   arrays/ArrayList,   but you   can   use   any   data   structure that   is   im-   plemented   in Java   (such   as those that extend the   Java   Collection class   or   similar).    A small   number of additional marks will be awarded for using a   more appropriate data   structure than   array-based collections, but only if the data structure used is indeed more appropriate and the   choice of data structure   is justiﬁed   in the code   with   a   short   comment   (i.e.   why   exactly   is   the   datastructurethatyouare usinga betterchoicethananarray/ArrayList). To beclearthough,   using an ArrayList or array will still lead to a good mark if implemented correctly.
3. Main method class: Simulation (15%) 
Your main method class will   simulate the creation and use of an arcade. You are provided with   three ﬁles:
•    customers   .   txt. This ﬁle contains information about customer accounts that should be   created for your simulation.   Each line includes information for an individual customer.
•    arcadeGames   .   txt.   This ﬁle contains   information   about the   arcade   games that   should   be   created for your   simulation.    Again,   each   line   includes   information for   an   individual   arcade game.
•      transactions   .   txt. This ﬁle includes a chronological list of transaction that you should   simulate using the appropriate methods that you   have implemented.
Simulation will   be the   main   method   class   of your   project   and,   in   addition to   a   main   method   (more on that later), you should implement two static methods:
•    initaliseArcade(String      arcadeName,      File      gamesFile,      File      customerFile)   This   method   should   return   an   Arcade   with   its   name   set   to   arcadeName. Two   ﬁles   should also be passed into   the method: one   with information about arcade   games, and one   with   information about customers. This method should parse both of   these   ﬁles and add each   customer and arcade game from the   respective ﬁles to the Arcade   (using   the   methods   you implemented in the previous question) before it is   returned.
•    simulateFun(Arcade      arcade,      File      transactionFile)This method should parse and proceed through a ﬁle that contains a list of transactions,   simulating the running of an arcade (such as   customers   playing games,   adding funds,   or   signing   up   for   a   new   account).    Each   line   should   be   processed   individually   and   the   ac-   tion should be carried out on the Arcade that is also passed into the method (and catch   any exceptions that occur).   As you   process each   line   of   the   transaction   ﬁle you should printout an informative summary line for each successful action,   and also a summary line for each action that could not be performed (such   as   a   customer   having   an   insuf-   ﬁcient   balance,   or   rejecting   a transaction when   an   unrecognised   game   ID   or   customer   ID   is found,   etc.).   The   actions that you can expect   to   see   are   adding   new   customers   to   the arcade (NEW CUSTOMER), customers attempting to play games (PLAY),and customers   adding   funds   to   their   account   (ADD FUNDS). Once   all   transactions   have   been   processed,   youshouldcallyour methodsfrom   Arcade   toﬁndtherichestcustomer,   the mediangame   price   and the   number   of   each   kind   of   arcade   game.    Print the   results   of   each   of these methods   (formatted   however you wish   so that the   user   can   read   the   results)   and   also   print the company’s corporate jargon   using the   static method that you implemented   in Arcade.    Finally,   also   print out the total   revenue for   the   arcade   after   all   transactions   and other methods have been ﬁnished. Your   main   method   should   call   initialiseArcade to   create   an   Arcade,   and   it   should   then   pass that   Arcade into your   simulateFun   method.    It   is   up to   you   what   you   want   to   call   the   arcade,   but   make   sure that you   use the three ﬁles   that   have   been   provided   (make   sure   that   you place   those   ﬁles in   the root directory of   your project).   Note: it is important   that,   when run,   your code does not need any further information from the user (i.e. your main method should   simplycall initialiseArcade   withthe providedﬁles,   andthen passthe returned   Arcade   into   the   simulateFun method without   requiring   any   keyboard   input to   run when   PASS   calls your   main method).
Relationship to formative work 
Please see the following lectures and labs for background on each of the speciﬁed tasks:
• Gavin’s content from Semester 1.    In   particular, the   fundamentals   from   the   ﬁrst   assign-   ment   are   relevant   here.   Lecture 5   introduces   how to   use objects,   lecture   11   introduces   writing   classes,   lecture 14   includes   using   collections to   store   objects,   and   lecture 16   in-   troduces inheritance.
• Classes and objects:   the use case example that   I went through   in week   2   of   semester   2   demonstrates the structure of atypical class. The lab reinforced this.
• UML class diagrams: these   were   introduced   in   semester   2   week   2, and   further   explained in week 3 with relevance and examples including inheritance.
• File I/O: Gavin   introduced   this   in   semester   1, and   I   have   shown   an   alternative   method   of doing   this   in   the   live   lecture   in   week   2 of   semester   2.
• Inheritance: this   was   covered   in   more   detail   in   week   3 of   semester   2.
• Exceptions:   this was   covered   in week   4   of   semester   2   and   examples were given   in   the   recorded and live lectures, as well as the lab   exercises.
• Data structures:    see   the   lecture   in   week   6   of   semester   2   for   a   discussion   of   diﬀerent   types of data structure that you can use within your Arcade.
Deliverables Your   solution   must   be formatted using PASS to   produce   a   .pdf   containing   your   UML   class   dia-   gram   (included   as   a   .pdf   itself), the   source   code   of   your   project, the   compiler   messages   (if   any)   and the output of your program. Once formatted, you must submit your .pdf on Blackboard.IMPORTANT: PASS   is   only   used   to   format   your   submission   and   you   must   submit   the   output   of   running   your   work   through   PASS   to   Blackboard   yourself. If you do not submit anything on Blackboard then you have not submitted anything.PASS   is   available   online   at pass.cmp.uea.ac.uk (VPN   connection   required   oﬀ-campus).    In-structions are given on   Blackboard for   using of   PASS, and   limited   help   will   be   available   on   the   day   of submission to   help with   any   issues   relating to your   use   of   PASS,   but   please   make   sure you take the time to understand how to use PASS   in   advance of   the   deadline   and   practice for-   matting   a   solution,   if   necessary   (you   should   already   know   how to   use   PASS   if you   completed   the ﬁrst coursework assignment). And   remember,   PASS   is   not   able   to   provide   input   to your   program via   the   keyboard,   so   pro-   grams with a menu system, or which expect user input of   some   kind,   are   not   compatible with   PASS. Design your program to operate correctly without user input from the keyboard as spec-iﬁed in the Simulation class.
Resources 
• Previous exercises:   If you get stuck when completing   the   coursework   please   revisit   the   labexercisesthatare listedinthe Relationshiptoformativework sectionduringyourallo-   cated weekly lab sessions. The teaching assistants in the labs will not be able to help   you   with your coursework directly, but they will be more than happy to help you understand   howtoanswerthe(very)relatedexercisesinthe labsheets. Youwillthen beabletoapply   this knowledge and understanding to the new problems in   this coursework assignment.
• Discussion board:    if   you   have   clariﬁcation   questions   about   what   is   required   then   you must ask these   questions   on the   Blackboard   discussion   board to   make   sure that   other   students have   the same information   for   fairness (there   will be a speciﬁcdiscussion board   topic with anonymous questions to enable   this).   Also,   please   check   that   your   question   has not been asked previously before starting   a   new thread.
• Course text: Java Software Solutions by Lewis and Loftus. Any version of this textbook is   helpful for   Programming 1 and will   have speciﬁc   chapters   on   topics   such   as   inheritance   and   Exceptions. You   can   buy   your   own   copy, but   I‘d   suggest   doing   a   simple   online   search   as many editions of   the   text are available online   for   free. The library also has a   few copies   of the latest version of this textbook too.
• Live lecture code: Remember   that   I   have   been writing   code   in   the   live   lectures   of   the   module each week and have been pushing the code   to   GitHub.   I   have   intentionally   cov-   ered   many   of   the   topics   that   will   appear   in   the   coursework,   so   this   is   a   good   place   to   revise some of the topics that   you will need to tackle in this assignment. A reminder that   you   can ﬁnd   the   codebase   here: https://github.com/jasonlines/CMP-4008Y-2023 
Tips 
•    Identifyappropriate placeswhereyoucoulduseenumerativetypes-these have not been   speciﬁcally   requested,   but   there   are   some   obvious   places   where   they   would   be   more   appropriate than using in-built Java types and   it   is expected   that you   can   recognise   this   and   use   enums   appropriately.
•    File reading should only happen in the main method class (Simulation). You should not   have any ﬁle reading logic within the object classes themselves.
•    Itisﬁnetoimplementadditional helper methodsthatare notspeciﬁedinthecoursework   description if you choose,   but this is   not   required   and you will   not   gain   extra   marks.   Do   not add additional constructors or functionality that would change the   intended   imple-   mentation of the classes that have been described, however.
•    Make   sure   to   follow   the   speciﬁcation   and   do   not   make   unnecessary   changes   to   it. If   speciﬁc class   names   and   method   names   are   requested then you   must follow these   re-   quirements.
•      You   do   not   need   to   load   the   data   from ﬁles   to   test   any   of   your   object   classes   -   you   should start   by   using   hard-coded values   in your test   harnesses to check that you   implementa-   tions are correct before even considering the data within the text ﬁles.
•    Generally,   exceptions are thrown within object   classes   and   caught   in   the   main   method   of   your   project   - if   you   catch   them   too   early   (e.g. as   soon   as   they   are   thrown   in   an   object   class rather   than in   the main method   that called it)   then   there is no chance   to handle   the   exceptional   behaviour appropriately.   Similarly,   aside from when developing/debugging   your code, printing   to   the console should normally only happen in   test harnesses and   the   main method class (with   the exception of any methods   that speciﬁcally require   this, such   as   the   static   method   in   Arcade   that   explicitly   asks   you   to   print   a   message).   For   example,   if   you   print   a   message   every   time   you   construct   an   object,   this   may   lead   to   annoying   output if you were to reuse your class in another project (which is common in real-world   development) because there would be noway to turn oﬀ the output.
Plagiarism Plagiarism   is   the   copying   or   close   paraphrasing   of   published   or   unpublished   work,   including   the work of another student without the use of quotation   marks   and   due   acknowledgement.   Plagiarism is regarded a serious oﬀence by the   University   and   all   cases will   be   reported to the   Board   of   Examiners.Work that contains even small fragments of plagiarised material will be penalised. This   is   an   individual   assignment   so you   should   not work with   others,   discuss   solutions   or   share   any   code.
Marking Scheme Marks   will be awarded according to the proportion of speciﬁcations successfully implemented,   programming   style   (indentation,   good   choice   of   identiﬁers,   commenting,   testing,   etc.),   and   appropriate   use   of   object   oriented   programming   constructs.    Note that   it   is not suﬃcient to   ignore the speciﬁcation to simply   produce the   “correct”   output   -   marks   are   not   given for   the   output speciﬁcally and having the correct output only implies that the   speciﬁcation may have   been implemented correctly.   Professional programmers are required to produce maintainable   code   that   is   easy   to   understand,   easy   to   debug when   bug   reports   are   received,   and   easy   to   extend. Itemised marksare providedthroughouttheassignmentdescription, buttosummarise   the marks available for each part:
1.    UML   Class   Diagram   (15   marks)
2.    Object   Classes
2.1.    ArcadeGame (10   marks)
2.2.    CabinetGame, ActiveGame   (10 marks)
2.3.    VirtualRealityGame   (5   marks)
2.4.    Customer   (20   marks)   2.5.    Arcade   (25   marks)
2.6.    Simulation   (15   marks)
Total: 100 Marks 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
